A group of people are holding an international conference
There is a lot of water and flowers on the table
China and Panama Leaders'Meeting
People are discussing the cause of friendly cooperation between China and Panama.
The two groups met opposite the table.
There are many flags on the wall.
A group of leaders met in the conference hall.
There is a microphone on the table.
A man is speaking.
There are many green plants in the room.
A group of people are applauding
Xi Jinping Meeting with President of Panama
People attend the Economic and Trade Cooperation Forum
A group of people took a group photo.
Representatives of entrepreneurs from both sides attended BBS
People wear black suits
Somebody's taking pictures
Xi jinping in panama
There are Chinese flags inside
People stood inside
A man is speaking
China sincerely opens its market to other countries
A man in a black suit
China welcomes entrepreneurs from all over the world to invest in China
A man listens to the speech
A man nodded
There are pictures on the wall.
A man wears a red tie
A man wears a gray tie
China welcomes Panamanian entrepreneurs to invest in China
A man is talking
A middle-aged man with glasses was talking.
Tickets in Life Become History
Furniture Show Before Reform and Opening-up
Food stamps are no longer needed
A man speaks in front of the microphone
A person in an interview
There is an old lamp on the table.
A lot of old furniture was displayed.
There is an electric fan on the ground.
Ukraine strengthens its defense along the Russian-Ukrainian border
A machine gun is on display.
Ukraine will redeploy its troops
A pile of equipment on display along the border between Ukraine and Russia
An armored car parked on the roadside
Ukraine will conduct reserve training
Weapons defend the border
A man passed under the muzzle of a gun.
A man in black is walking
An armed vehicle
The host listened to the reporter's Report
A static picture is flickering
A Case of Boys Lost in Wenzhou, Zhejiang Province
Mothers of the boy were taken compulsory measures
It shows many Chinese characters.
The mother of the child fabricated false information.
A photograph of inspiration
Reporter's Voice Report
There are many Chinese characters.
The mother of the child deliberately disseminates false information.
Two men were smiling and shaking hands.
The heads of state of the two countries mounted the review stand
Many people are in front of a house.
Two men in suits
Flag of China
There are many flags.
Two soldiers saluted
The two heads of state are taking pictures.
Many people stood in front of the building.
The two men were shaking hands.
Many vehicles are on the road.
The roof was covered with snow.
The house has a chimney.
The road was covered with snow.
People walk on the snowy road
The road was frozen.
Cold air strikes
Temperature in Hulunbuir dropped to - 30 degrees Celsius
The temperature dropped by about 25 degrees Celsius.
The combination of snow and wind makes people feel cold.
There are many shops on the road.
A policeman is chasing a man
The police caught the escaped man.
Two men running
People come and go on the road
The man was caught out of his strength
The escaped prisoner ran into the shop
Four policemen surrounded a man
One man chased another
The criminal was caught
A man rides a motorcycle
A man is putting on a dangerous ride
Several people stood by the motorcycle
The police stopped the motorcyclist
A man on a fancy motorcycle at night
The driver involved was driving without a license
Police impound motorcycle
Motorcycles have no license
Civilian police seized motorcycle drivers
Civilian police seized motorcycles
Two cars collided
Yellow and White Cars Collision
The traffic police questioned the driver at the scene
The yellow car was badly damaged
The white car was badly damaged
A middle-aged man was wearing a cap
One man said he was driving a car
A night traffic accident
The traffic police took evidence at the scene
The driver crashed drunk
Several buses are running
A group of soldiers stood in line
Many buses are moving
Soldiers saw off the last session
Several people waved from the bus
Two buses carried soldiers
The officers were waving
The officers lined up to say goodbye
The officers faithfully performed their duties while on duty
Rotation of troops in Hong Kong
Many soldiers shake hands.
A group of soldiers embraced
Soldiers salute and say goodbye
The soldiers embraced goodbye
Soldiers in Australia complete various tasks
Men in military uniforms were shaking hands and saluting each other
The men in uniform shook hands and saluted
The officer returned to the interior to resume his work
The officers were marching in step
The officers bused off
A couple stepped out of the plane
The two men walked out of the plane holding hands
The two men got off the plane
Many people were waiting for a man and a woman to get off the plane
People are shaking hands
The soldiers stood in a line with guns
Xi jinping extended sincere greetings to Portugal
Soldiers salute Xi Jinping
Xi Jinping pointed out that China and Portugal are traditional friendly countries.
Xi Jinping's Visit Portugal
Many people waved the national flag.
Many people hold the national flag.
People welcomed a man
A group of people waved flags outside the railings
A crowd gathered in the square
People held banners welcoming President xi
People are giving President xi a warm welcome
People crowded in the square.
People hold the Chinese flag.
People shouted welcome Chairman Xi
Two people shaking hands
The soldiers held guns.
Many people were standing on either side of the plane.
Two people were shaking hands and talking.
The soldiers stood in a row with guns raised.
Xi Jinping Leaves Panama
The President of Panama saw off at the airport
很多人在机场
The soldiers stood in a line
A plane was parked at the airport
A man lays a wreath for a man
A man is laying a wreath
A man stood in front of a white wreath
The man laid flowers at the grave
A man is arranging a wreath
A man is laying a wreath
A man stood in front of the wreath
Xi jinping laid a wreath for poets and national heroes
The soldier stood behind the wreath
Soldier with weapon
Three porcelain
A man visits a natural history exhibition with a foreign leader
A group of people visited the cultural relics together
There are some beautifully made cups and so on the table
Couples attend cultural relics exhibitions
A group of people are talking and admiring the cultural relics
Many artifacts appear on camera
A group of people visited the cultural relics
People visit cultural relics exhibitions
People visit the Palace Museum's fine cultural relics along the maritime silk road
A car was driving on the highway
There are many cars on the road
A motorcade was moving
There are many military vehicles parked by the roadside
The car was full of weapons.
A lot of big trucks are driving on the highway.
A police car escorted the truck on the road
The Russian Army has stepped up its combat readiness in the Black Sea
The Russian army is ready for military preparations.
Russian convoys on the highway
A group of policemen escorted a criminal
A man was escorted by the police.
One man was taken away by two men
A group of policemen escorted a criminal
A criminal was extradited home
The suspect returned home to surrender
The escaped prisoner returned to his country
Bribery criminals return home to surrender
The suspect of duty crime was arrested
Former Deputy Secretary of Xiamen Party Committee suspected of accepting bribes
There are some web pages
Two-Dimensional Code for Wechat Payment
User Infection with Extortion Virus
Male anchorman broadcasts news
Blackmail virus resurgence
More than 100,000 users are infected with the virus
Blackmail Virus Targets Wechat
The number of infected viruses is increasing
Wechat ransom virus in China
Watch out for big screens with viral characters
Russia Publishes Laser Weapons
A laser weapon in operation
A green car
Laser Weapon System Display
Russia Publishes Video of Laser Weapons
Some weapons and equipment are in operation.
Some laser weapons are moving
Weapons on trial combat duty
Russia Shows Laser Weapon System
The police are giving a press conference.
Four policemen spoke at the press conference
Speech by the spokesman of the Ministry of Public Security
A lot of people are sitting.
A lot of people are in meetings.
A Public Security Press Conference
Many people are discussing in a room.
The Ministry of Public Security is holding a press conference.
Zhejiang Jiaxing Police issued a statement
Public security departments uncovered overseas medical fraud cases
Many people give lectures in the hall.
Free travel is a trap
Ms. Zhang of Jiaxing is one of them.
The exhibition hall was full
A man is writing
Many people sit around the table and listen to the people on the stage
Most of the people attending the lecture were customers of the beauty salon
A man is talking
Many people are sitting on chairs
The lecture was full of people
A beauty salon bed
International tourism
A group of people are having a meeting
Women was told she had a high risk of cancer
Police have uncovered cases of medical fraud overseas
Many people sat at tables listening to the people on the stage
Video information about a company
A man in a suit holds a microphone
A lot of people are sitting around the table
A man in a suit is on the stage
A man put the medicine on the table
A white jar was held in the hand
A lot of medications are sitting together
The medicine was laid out on the table
Police have uncovered cases of medical fraud overseas
A total of three trips abroad
Video information about a company
6 million in medical fraud
Two white cylinders
The paramedics operate the tools
A group of people sat together in a meeting and a lot of people came over
A group of policemen is having a meeting
Public security bureau meeting
Police investigation
Many people walked out of the building
Some people were talking around the table
The men involved were caught
Interior Scenery of Jiaxing Public Security Bureau Conference Room
Many people in police uniforms are sitting in the room.
Ministry of Public Security Detects Extraordinary Medical Fraud Cases Overseas
There are many Chinese textbooks on the table.
Several books are on the table.
Many books are on the table.
一段关于高中语文教材的视频拍摄
Chinese Textbooks for Senior High Schools Come into Taiwan
Many textbooks are displayed in turn.
Display of Chinese Texts
Implementing Chinese Textbooks for Senior High Schools Jointly Edited by the Mainland and the Taiwan Straits
Cross-Strait Chinese Textbooks Come into Taiwan High School
The teacher is giving a lecture.
A bus stops at the station.
Many buses are running
Bus isolation doors on display
Passers-by are waiting at the bus stop
Buses are fitted with cab isolation doors
The bus was moving slowly
Bus isolation door fitting
Passengers interfere with bus drivers
Some buses are installing isolation doors on a pilot basis
Many buses are lined up
Cars blocked fire engines
The bus blocked the fire engines
A car is going
A white car was moving
A fire engine was blocked by a car and truck.
There are several cars in front of the road.
Vehicles that block traffic do not give way
Fire trucks shouted many times
Fire truck choice bypass
Drivers blocking roads are punished
Leaders of China and Portugal Meet Journalists
Two men exchange documents
A man was giving a speech.
Leaders of the two countries met with journalists
Leaders of the two countries are exchanging documents
Two people shake hands with each other
A man was speaking on the stage.
The two countries signed cooperation documents
Many people attended the meeting.
People are applauding.
Firefighters rescue people trapped in the quagmire
Firefighters rescue the elderly in the mud
Many firefighters are saving an old man.
Rescue workers rescue people
Fire brigades are rescuing the elderly
Several firefighters were rescuing people.
The old man slipped into the mire
Three men in yellow clothes
Firefighters rescue people trapped in the quagmire
Three rescue workers pulled the old man up
Traffic police command traffic
Traffic police and drivers are communicating
A traffic policeman is talking
Traffic police are on duty on the highway
The road was covered with snow and the car was moving slowly
The traffic police at jiayuguan toll station are on duty
All entrances to the motorway are closed
Many cars were stopped
The big screen showed careful driving
The car was covered with snow
Many cars drive on the road with flashing lights
The car drove on
Pedestrians are walking along the road
Many people walked in the snow
A group of people cross the zebra crossing
The fire engine runs at night
Yellow warnings have been issued for heavy snow and strong winds
Weather stations have issued warnings for heavy snow and strong winds
Deicing of Airport Runway in Dalian
The snowfall reached moderate snow.
Temporary Bridge Opening to Traffic
Car unidirectional release for steel bridge
A truck passed a bridge.
Jinsha River Temporary Steel Frame Bridge Vehicle Opening to Traffic
A yellow truck is crossing the bridge.
A truck slowed down on a bridge.
On-site traffic picture of steel bridge
The workers were walking on the bridge.
A car was moving on the bridge.
People walk on the bridge
A group of people gathered around the computer.
Ukraine Tests Missiles
Ukrainian Army Testing Missiles
Ukraine Tests New Missiles
The man in camouflage is in front of the instrument.
Scene of missile test firing
A State Tests New Missiles
Many people in camouflage clothes
A man is operating a computer.
A missile was launched
A missile is flying in the sky
Ukraine is fully prepared for war
A missile is launched
Ukraine Tests New Missiles
Successful launching of surface-to-air missiles
Scene of missile test firing
Ukraine has the ability to defend its border areas
A missile is moving.
Ukrainian officials say they have the ability to protect border areas
A satellite was launched
Satellite Launch Site
Satellite Launch
All the satellites launched have entered orbit.
Satellite enters a predetermined orbit
Two satellites are LEO remote sensing satellites
The staff in blue were talking.
The satellite launch carried ten small satellites
Satellites are rising
Many people use forebrain monitoring satellites
A group of people sat together
Rocket Control Hall
Many people in blue are sitting in front of the computer.
Satellite-mounted High Precision Camera
Ground Image Acquisition Camera
Many people were recording at their desks.
Satellite Launch Room staff are observing the situation
Many people are working.
Many people in blue are working.
The staff are talking.
Many planes fly in the sky.
Warplanes take off
The warplanes rushed to the scheduled airspace
Revamping of China's Air Force Su-35
Warplanes engage in combat training
The commander gave the order to fly
Fighter jets fly
Fighter jets take off
A warplane is taking off
warplane enhance combat capability
A child was sucked into an elevator
A little girl was squeezed between two lifts
The little girl in black is holding the handrail
The mother thanked him
A man saved the little girl.
A man rescued a child stuck in an elevator
The little girl was dragged by the elevator
A man pulled the little girl up
The little girl is safe.
Children were interspersed between elevators
A car is driving on the road
A 12-year-old boy ran away after hitting a man with his car
A 12-year-old boy secretly drove a car
Suv accident
A white car hit the old man
Surveillance footage shows the white suv hitting the old man and backing away
The car hit the food stall
A white car moved through the crowd
The car hit the old man
Several people worked together
Several men were digging ice on the lake.
Harbin International Ice and Snow Festival begins to collect ice
Ice is 30 centimeters thick.
A group of people were gathering ice cubes.
Several people dragged the ice together.
Four people gather large ice cubes
The lake has frozen.
Ice is 80 centimeters wide.
Ice is one meter six in length.
A crowd of people were queuing up
Someone is taking pictures.
Cinema brings people into the picture scroll of Shanghe River in Qingming Dynasty
Audience queuing experience
Audiences Experience Ball Screen Movies
Some people are waiting in line.
The audience lined up to watch the film
Qingming Shanghe Tu Ball Curtain Cinema
Many people queued outside the round tent.
People feel the changes of the times
A crowd surrounded the car.
There are many cars at the airport.
Several planes were parked at the airport.
Ukraine declares to strengthen its defense
Additional troops from Ukraine
Some soldiers were waiting in front of the plane.
Air Force Video Pictures
The plane stopped at the airport.
There are many people behind a green car.
The car pulled into the plane.
A man sitting and talking
A woman with a Mosaic
The seat was supposed to belong to a male passenger
The occupier of seats was detained
Female passengers occupy seats
Female passengers refuse to provide tickets to the police
Ticketless passengers refused to give up their seats on the train
Female passengers sit and talk
A man was hit by a mosaic
Train interior picture
A lot of people were walking around the hall.
Passengers disrupted train order
Women are sentenced to administrative detention for 5 days
Women detained by Railway Police
The police handed the woman over to the police station.
Dense crowds were moving in the waiting room.
Disputes between passengers and train workers
A woman was speaking.
A man was hit by a mosaic
A woman is talking.
A group of people stood together
A lot of people are queuing up.
The time of meal was written on the window
The woman paid no attention to others
The woman hogged the window
Some people are queuing to check in
The woman hogged the station window
A long line formed behind the woman
Thirty minutes later the woman still occupied the window
People lined up
The bus was on the road
Outdoor scene of a hospital
Internal Rectification of a Hospital in Chengchun
Investigation team went to hospital for investigation
State departments went to changchun for investigation
Several cars were on the road
The internal picture of the hospital was taken by video
The national health and construction commission carried out the investigation
The hospital was closed for rectification
Outdoor scene of the hospital
A sphere hung in the air
Chang'e 4 landing on the moon
Landing on the back of the moon is risky
Chang'e landed on the back of the moon
Chinese Lunar Landing Instruments
moonscape
Photographs of the Moon on Chang'e 4
Landing on the back of the moon
A grey sphere
It's difficult to land on the back of the moon.
The German Chancellor hopes to do a decent job
A lot of people are in meetings.
Many people gathered together.
Women's Outgoing Speech
Merkel wants a decent retirement
There are many people under the stage.
Scene of the German Chancellor's resignation
Many people meet in one place.
A woman speaks on stage
A woman is making a speech.
An object landed from the air.
A machine landed on the moon
The spaceship is flying
It's very difficult to land on the lunar surface.
Landing on the back of the moon is difficult.
The landing was complicated
Virtual image of the spacecraft landing
A machine is landing
A square object moves in the air
Lunar probe
A man was standing next to the van
A man is cooling the van
The driver was holding a pail of water
The reporter reported on the cause of the dangerous road
The truck driver cooled the brake pads.
A man poured cold water on the van
The driver checks the vehicle at the motorway service station
The driver cooled the brake pads
Journalists visiting
A man added water to the car
Road spark
A car overturned on the road
The road gave off sparks
The monitor showed the car was out of control
Monitoring Introduces the Accident Process
A car crashed into the wall of the tunnel.
Scene of a car accident
An accident happened to a car.
A car overturned
Sparks from car runaway friction
Several people stood together
Several traffic policemen are in the hospital.
The case is under further processing
Men suspected of drunk driving
The police took the man to the hospital.
A doctor is drawing blood.
Doctors are treating injured drivers.
The police took the man to the hospital.
A lot of people are in the house.
Men are taking blood tests.
A group of people were dancing.
A person is dancing
Two people performing
Actors perform on stage
Dance plays are large-scale and original.
The actor is dancing.
Scene of National Dance Performance
A Handful of Jujubes Holds a Commemorative Performance
A woman is dancing.
Dance show A Handful of Jujubes
A group of people sat together for a meeting.
There are several charts on a monitor.
Chang'e 4 carries multiple loads
Scientists discuss it together
Some people are watching computers.
Scientists from all over the world are communicating at conferences
Chang'e 4 carries international loads
Reducing costs through international cooperation
International cooperation to share more scientific data
Several people stood together
People wear blue clothes.
People are experimenting.
Biological Experiments on Chang'e 4
The detector carried many seeds.
Several experimenters are recording
Scientists are exploring biological science experiments
Many people are working.
A lot of people are in the house.
Staff members are discussing
People are making snowmen
Two people are making snowmen
Cold wave hit
The lowest temperature in many places in jiangsu province
People are riding electric bikes
Many areas in jiangsu province are experiencing cooling
A man is making a snowman in the snow
A cold wave has hit jiangsu province
A boy is making a snowman
People dressed themselves up against the cold
A car pulled up on the side of the road
The traffic policeman stopped the car on the road
Traffic police check vehicles
The police helped the driver install the anti-skid chain
Township traffic police emergency on the road
The traffic policeman is checking the wheels of the car
Traffic police check passing cars
Heavy snow hit
The emergency vehicle pulled up to the side of the road
A yellow car pulled up to the side of the road
A group of people were walking in line
Inside the terminal
Flights are normal
No passengers were stranded at the airport
Our correspondent is at the airport
Some people are waiting in line
Passengers queue to leave the airport
Many people sat and waited
The airport terminal
Many people were waiting at the airport
A man sprinkled white powder on the road
The traffic police are sprinkling salt
A man threw salt on the road
Traffic police implement salt de-icing operations
The traffic policeman salted the ice
The traffic policeman is sprinkling salt with his shovel
Traffic police salt dangerous roads on snowy days
The policeman took the pry
Several people were dressed in yellow
The police work on the road
One man held a pig's skin in his hand
A man is gluing pig skin
Pig skin touch water
The skin instantly sticks to the iron
The skin will stick in an instant
The pig's skin was put on the iron railing
The skin stuck to the iron frame in an instant outside
It's 30 below northeast
A man sticks the pigskin to the railing
The reporter feels northeast person daily
The trees swayed in the wind
The cedars were swaying
The trees swayed in the wind
Lushan misty pines bloom in the wind
The rime is crystal clear
The trees were coated with ice
Ice crystals hanging from tree branches
The pine trees were iced over
There is ice on the branches
The trees froze with ice crystals
A man is flying an airplane
Several fighter jets are on display
A man flies a plane in the sky
J-10 flew over the Great Wall
Fighter jets fly over the Great Wall
The plane fluttered in the sky
The aircraft flew through the valley at very low altitude
Fighter planes are flying in the sky
There are six planes in the sky
The warplanes were performing aerobatics
The tanks were on the ground
A soldier is being interviewed
Tank organic armor, composite armor, and reactive armor
The 99A tank demonstrates protection
The soldiers introduced tanks
Two men squatted on the tank
Journalists experience China's advanced tanks
A soldier was speaking
A tank was parked on the lawn
The 99A tank has excellent protection
A man got into the cockpit
Inside the cockpit of a tank
Reporter enters cockpit
Reporters experience the tank cockpit
Journalists Experience Tanks
A man was sitting in a tank.
Journalists Experience Tank Internal Cockpit
A soldier squatted on a tank
Tank cockpit space is very narrow
Tank cockpit layout is very compact
A tank is running.
Unmanned Tank Testing
Tanks encounter roadblocks
Tanks on the battlefield
Unmanned tanks can be used as battlefield bait
There is a car behind the tank.
Pictures of Unmanned Tanks Participating in the Competition
Unmanned Tanks have a wonderful performance
A green tank is moving.
A earthy tank was driving along the road.
Two men standing on the boat
A lot of people are rescuing.
Rescue work is under strain.
Armed Police Officers and Soldiers Carry Rescue Equipment
Armed Police Officers and Soldiers are on a rescue mission
Several men threw rescue tools into the water on board
Armed police officers and soldiers are using rescue equipment to detect underwater conditions
Two officers and soldiers wearing orange life jackets
Two officers and soldiers on board
The officers and soldiers rescued the falling ships
Street lamp illumination at roadside
Two large trucks rear-end rollover
Citizens took pictures of the accident
Accidents on Expressways
Aircar rollover on Erguang Expressway
A car skidded at night
Pictures of a truck crashing uncontrollably into the roadside
A truck rolled over on the road.
An accident happened on the road at night.
Citizens witnessed the scene of traffic accidents
Flags are flying
Ukraine Abolishes the Treaty of Friendship with Russia
Abolishment of treaties has certain symbolic significance.
Ukraine Abolishes the Treaty
Escalation of conflict in Russia and Ukraine
A person speaks in front of the stage
The Prime Minister of Ukraine is making a speech
A lot of people are in meetings.
A man in a black suit was talking.
Pedestrians walk on the road
A car is going backwards.
A lot of people are standing.
Russia says the detained Ukrainian crew is not a prisoner of war
Soldiers inspect passing vehicles
A white van pulled into a door.
A white van was backing up
Statement by Russia on Ukrainian detainees
The man in Black got out of the car
Soldiers in black were stationed at the door.
People enter the door.
Two people standing by the car
Many people are detaining prisoners.
The gray jeep was parked on the road.
The soldiers continued to inspect the ships.
Russia says the detained Ukrainian crew is not a prisoner of war
A ship stopped at sea.
Two masked men were walking behind the car.
A man walks on a white ship
The detainees illegally crossed the maritime frontier
Two men in camouflage stood by the car
A car rolled over on the road.
There are many traffic accidents on the expressway.
Goods spilled all over the floor.
The ground was covered with scattered goods.
Several accidents on Erguang Expressway resulted in 5 deaths and 18 injuries
Accidents at Erguang Expressway
The truck toppled over on the roadside
Four traffic accidents occurred intermittently on Erguang Expressway
The goods from the overturned truck were scattered all over the place.
Traffic accidents involving 22 vehicles